[docs] Add ysql_num_shards_per_tserver and update yb_num_shards_per_tserver (#3925)
yugabyte/yugabyte-db: docs/content/latest/api/ycql/ddl_create_table.md

- Columns in the primary key cannot be static.
- A table without clustering columns cannot have static columns (without clustering columns the primary key and the partition key are identical so static columns would be the same as regular columns).

### *table_properties*

- The `CLUSTERING ORDER BY` property can be used to set the ordering for each clustering column individually (default is `ASC`).
- The `default_time_to_live` property sets the default expiration time (TTL) in seconds for a table. The expiration time can be overridden by setting TTL for individual rows. The default value is `0` and means rows do not expire.
- The `transactions` property specifies if distributed transactions are enabled in the table. To enable distributed transactions, use `transactions = { 'enabled' : true }`.
- Use the `AND` operator to use multiple table properties.
- The other CQL table properties are allowed in the syntax but are currently ignored internally (have no effect).

> - The `TABLETS = <num>` property specifies the number of tablets to be used for the specified YCQL table. Setting this property overrides the value from the [`--yb_num_shards_per_tserver`](../../../reference/configuration/yb-tserver/#yb-num-shards-per-tserver) option. For an example, see [Create a table specifying the number of tablets](#create-a-cdc-table-specifying-the-number-of-tablets).

Reviewer: The link needs to be fixed:
```suggestion
- The `TABLETS = <num>` property specifies the number of tablets to be used for the specified YCQL table. Setting this property overrides the value from the [`--yb_num_shards_per_tserver`](../../../reference/configuration/yb-tserver/#yb-num-shards-per-tserver) option. For an example, see [Create a table specifying the number of tablets](#create-a-table-specifying-the-number-of-tablets).
```

- Columns in the primary key cannot be static.
- A table without clustering columns cannot have static columns (without clustering columns the primary key and the partition key are identical so static columns would be the same as regular columns).

### *table_properties*

- The `CLUSTERING ORDER BY` property can be used to set the ordering for each clustering column individually (default is `ASC`).
- The `default_time_to_live` property sets the default expiration time (TTL) in seconds for a table. The expiration time can be overridden by setting TTL for individual rows. The default value is `0` and means rows do not expire.
- The `transactions` property specifies if distributed transactions are enabled in the table. To enable distributed transactions, use `transactions = { 'enabled' : true }`.
- Use the `AND` operator to use multiple table properties.
- The other CQL table properties are allowed in the syntax but are currently ignored internally (have no effect).

> ### *tablets_properties*

Reviewer: There is no tablet property.

Specifying number of tablets for a table is still a table property and should be included in the section above.

Author: I forgot to ask you about that -- it looked like the diagram was wrong. I had added it to the section above before, but thought that was wrong.  Adding that section back.

> - The `WITH TABLETS = <num>` clause specifies the number of tablets to be used for the specified YCQL table. For an example, see [Create CDC table specifying number of tablets](#create-cdc-table-specifying-number-of-tablets).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The `TABLETS = <num>` property specifies the number of tablets to be used for the specified YCQL table. For an example, see [Create CDC table specifying number of tablets](#create-cdc-table-specifying-number-of-tablets).
```

Again, lets remove the CDC reference and just call it `Create table specifying number of tablets`.

{{< note title="Note" >}}

> The YCQL [`CREATE TABLE ... WITH TABLETS = <num>`](#tablet-properties) statement overrides the `yb-tserver` and `yb-master` [`yb_num_shards_per_tserver`](../../../reference/configuration/yb-tserver/#yb-num-shards-per-tserver) configuration options on a per-table basis.

Reviewer: Club this with above.
Setting this property will override the value from `yb_num_shards_per_tserver` gflag.

Author: Removed note and added to table properties section

```

> ### Create a CDC table specifying the number of tablets

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Create a table specifying the number of tablets
```

> For deployments that use change data capture (CDC) and require the identical number of tablets on two YugabyteDB clusters, you can use the `CREATE TABLE` statement with the `WITH` clause to specify the number of tablets.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use the `CREATE TABLE` statement with the `WITH tablets = <num>` clause to specify the number of tablets for a table. This is useful to scale the table up / down based on requirements. For example, for smaller, static tables, it may be wasteful to have a large number of shards (tablets). In that case, you can use this to reduce the number of tablets created for the table. Similarly, for a very large table, you can use this statement to pre-split the table into a large number of shards to get improved performance.

Note that yugabyteDB, by default, pre-splits a table in `yb_num_shards_per_tserver * num_of_tserver` shards. This clause can be used to override that setting on per-table basis.
```
